Feature/sp5 365 connect frontend with backend when deploying services on gcp (#411)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/gcloud/quickstart-init-cloud-run.asciidoc

> :provider_name: Google Cloud

Reviewer: Por mi parte, no me queda claro sí la documentación debe ir a la carpeta src y autogenerarse, por lo demás, conforme.

Como mucho pondría en minusculas lo que ya te ha sugerido miguel.

Reviewer: Aclarado por ALbert, pueden haber ficheros no autogenerados.

:provider_path: gcloud
:example_required_flags: -p projectId -n name
= Setting up Cloud Run service in {provider_name}

> By the end of this guide, a Cloud Run on {provider_name} will be created in an automated way using a script and the public URL will be returned or written into an output file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By the end of this guide, a Cloud Run service on {provider_name} will be created in an automated way using a script and the public URL will be returned or written into an output file.

```

:provider_name: Google Cloud
:provider_path: gcloud
:example_required_flags: -p projectId -n name

> = Setting up Cloud Run service in {provider_name}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
= Setting up a Google Cloud Run service
```

No other option.

> By the end of this guide, a Cloud Run service on {provider_name} will be created in an automated way using a script and the public URL will be returned or written into an output file.

Reviewer 3: But why do we need it? Not explained.

Author: ```suggestion
By the end of this guide, a Cloud Run service on {provider_name} will be created in an automated way using a script and the public URL will be returned or written into an output file. The purpose of this script is to create a Cloud Run endpoint quickly in order to retrieve the URL of the service before the execution of a Deployment pipeline.

```

== Prerequisites

* Have a Google Cloud project already setup and Google Cloud CLI installed and configured. If it is not the case, please go back to corresponding guide.

== Initializing a Cloud Run service using provided script

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

The script located at `/scripts/quickstart/{provider_path}/init-cloud-run.sh` allows you to:

. Create a new Cloud Run service with a predefined HelloWorld image deployed and retrieve the public URL. 

=== Usage
```
init-cloud-run.sh.sh \
    -p <projectId> \
    -n <name> \
    [-r <region>] \
    [-o <output path>] 
```

=== Flags
[subs=attributes+]
```

> -p, --project                [Required] Id of the project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-p, --project                [Required] Short name (ID) of the project.
```

To be consistent with other doc.

> -n, --name                   [Required] Name that will be set to the Cloud Run Service endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-n, --name                   [Required] Name for the Cloud Run service endpoint.
```

> -r, --region                            Region to create the Cloud Run service on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-r, --region                            Region where the Cloud Run service will be created.
```

For consistency.

> -o, --output                            Output File to store the created service public URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-o, --output                            Output file path to store the created service public URL.
```

:provider_name: Google Cloud
:provider_path: gcloud
:example_required_flags: -p projectId -n name
= Setting up a Google Cloud Run service

The scope of this section is to initialize a Google Cloud Run service to early retrieve its endpoint, before any execution of a Deployment pipeline, so it is known and usable (e.g. in other scripts) on beforehand. By the end of this guide, a Cloud Run service on {provider_name} will be created in an automated way using a script and the public URL will be returned or written into an output file.

> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

== Prerequisites

* Have a Google Cloud project already setup and Google Cloud CLI installed and configured. If it is not the case, please go back to corresponding guide.

== Initializing a Cloud Run service using provided script

The script located at `/scripts/quickstart/{provider_path}/init-cloud-run.sh` allows you to:

. Create a new Cloud Run service with a predefined HelloWorld image deployed and retrieve the public URL. 

=== Usage
```

> init-cloud-run.sh.sh \

Author: ```suggestion
init-cloud-run.sh \

```

:provider_name: Google Cloud
:provider_path: gcloud
:example_required_flags: -p projectId -n name
= Setting up a Google Cloud Run service

The scope of this section is to initialize a Google Cloud Run service to early retrieve its endpoint, before any execution of a Deployment pipeline, so it is known and usable (e.g. in other scripts) on beforehand. By the end of this guide, a Cloud Run service on {provider_name} will be created in an automated way using a script and the public URL will be returned or written into an output file.

== Prerequisites

* Have a Google Cloud project already setup and Google Cloud CLI installed and configured. If it is not the case, please go back to corresponding guide.

== Initializing a Cloud Run service using provided script

The script located at `/scripts/quickstart/{provider_path}/init-cloud-run.sh` allows you to:

. Create a new Cloud Run service with a predefined HelloWorld image deployed and retrieve the public URL. 

=== Usage
```
init-cloud-run.sh \

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
